[dv/docs] Small wording update in sec_cm section (#11052)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/dv/sv/cip_lib/doc/index.md

```

### Security Verification for REGWEN CSRs
If the REGWEN CSR meets the following criteria, it can be fully verified by the common [csr_tests](https://github.com/lowRISC/opentitan/blob/master/hw/dv/tools/dvsim/tests/csr_tests.hjson).
 - The REGWEN CSR and its related lockable CSRs are HW read-only registers.

>  - The related lockable CSRs are not WO type, otherwise, read value is always 0 and CSR tests can't really verify if the write value is taken or not.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
 - The related lockable CSRs are not WO type, otherwise the value read is always 0 and CSR tests can't really verify if the write value is taken or not.
```
(doing it the other way around makes it ambiguous whether it's the "read value" (pronounced REED, and meaning "the value that came from a read") or the "read value" (pronounced RED, meaning "the value that was read"). It doesn't really matter which, but the sentence reads better if there's only one possible interpretation.

Author: Done.

>  - No CSR exclusion is added to the REGWEN CSR and its related lockable CSRs.

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
 - No CSR exclusion has been added to the REGWEN CSR and its related lockable CSRs.
```
(or alternatively "No CSR exclusion applies to..."?)

Reviewer 2: To make it more precise - "No CSR exclusions have been..." since there could be more than one.

Author: Updated, thanks

> If not, users need to write a test to verify it separately since cip_lib and dv_base_reg can’t predict its value.

Reviewer 2: Should we add a pointer to an example here?

Author: Good idea. Added.

> If not, users need to write a test to verify it separately since cip_lib and dv_base_reg can’t predict its value.

Author: Good catch. Fixed.
